Sorry Lam Cam.
I don't have eyes.
Lam Cam, please help us pray to the chief performance.
A small group of people that Kuan Yuan serves should also be well diagnosed.
You don't have to care about me this time.
Let it be good for you.
Indemnity for costs if damaged
You came into my office without my consent.
Keep track of company secrets
Go directly to the finance department to get your salary.
And...
I'll notify the whole industry about your bad behavior.
It's done.
Brother Ye, you can't do that to me.
We grew up together.
Don't you care about hard work?
Do you have any feelings between you and me?
I'll never give up so easily.
Brother Ye, you are mine.
The boy.
Being in the company is like protecting your daughter-in-law.
Anyone can bully him.